mrxvt*greektoggle_key: VoidSymbol
mrxvt*initTermNumber:  5
mrxvt*vt0.saveLines: 65535
mrxvt*bellCommand: VoidSymbol

mrxvt*multichar_encoding: UTF-8
mrxvt*mfont:		AR PL New Sung
mrxvt*mfontn:		AR PL New Sung
mrxvt*textShadow:		black
mrxvt*opacity:          50
mrxvt*OpacityDegree:    1
mrxvt*vt0*saveLines:    1000
mrxvt*initTermNumber:   7
mrxvt*protectSecondary: true
mrxvt*loginShell:       true
mrxvt*scrollBar:        false
mrxvt*transparent:      false
mrxvt*transparentScrollbar: false
mrxvt*transparentTabbar:    false
mrxvt*transparentMenubar:   false
!mrxvt*foreground:      darkgray
!mrxvt*background:      white
mrxvt*foreground:       white
mrxvt*background:       gray19
mrxvt*backgroundFade:   60
mrxvt*fading:           0
!mrxvt*tintColor:       darkblue
mrxvt*textShadow:       black
mrxvt*textShadowMode:   botright
!mrxvt*tabForeground:   black
!mrxvt*tabBackground:   white
!mrxvt*itabForeground:  black
!mrxvt*itabBackground:  white
mrxvt*tabForeground:    white
mrxvt*tabBackground:    black
mrxvt*itabForeground:   white
mrxvt*itabBackground:   darkblue
mrxvt*tabPixmap:        false
mrxvt*syncTabTitle:     true
mrxvt*hideTabbar:       false
mrxvt*bottomTabbar:     true
mrxvt*windowsSwitch:    false
mrxvt*showMenu:         false
mrxvt*hideButtons:      true
mrxvt*xft:              true
mrxvt*xftFont:          Bitstream Vera Sans Mono
mrxvt*xftmFont:         Bitstream Vera Sans Mono
mrxvt*xftAntialias:     true
mrxvt*xftWeight:        normal
mrxvt*xftSlant:         roman
mrxvt*xftHinting:       true
mrxvt*xftAutoHint:      true
mrxvt*xftGlobalAdvance: true
mrxvt*xftWidth:         normal
mrxvt*xftRGBA:          rgb
mrxvt*xftSize:          10
mrxvt*cursorBlink:      false
!mrxvt*cursorBlinkInterval:500
mrxvt*geometry:         80x25
mrxvt*inputMethod:      fcitx
!mrxvt*cursorColor:     white
mrxvt*cursorColor:      lightblue
mrxvt*color0:           black
mrxvt*color1:           #40e0d0
mrxvt*color2:           #87cefa
mrxvt*color3:           #ffff00
mrxvt*color4:           #d1eeee
mrxvt*color5:           #eed8ae
mrxvt*color6:           #b4eeb4
mrxvt*color7:           gray
mrxvt*color8:           gray40
mrxvt*color9:           #ee6363
mrxvt*color10:          #c5f779
mrxvt*color11:          #fff796
mrxvt*color12:          #00b2ee
mrxvt*color13:          #cf9ebe
mrxvt*color14:          #71bebe
mrxvt*color15:          white

